# Move over tinyib and vichan! The modern board is here. 

this is the ultiumate starter kit! use as is or easily modify. if you wanted to put vichan in 500 lines this would be it. replies, threads, headless admin area, lock/sticky post, all in a single tiny file. this is literally better than tinyib- because for whatever db u want to make it work with, just have ai code it for you. You can use this as is or easily modify it. It has all the features of tinyib but in modern code, no bloat. Ai can easily add any tinyib feature you want to this single small file. You can use any vichan css or js with this. You do NOT need a ib that has tons of options and hundreds of files...you just need an ib with modern code and only the features that you need. i didnt style it much or use js for things like image expand, because even the worst/free  ai can easily do that for you however you want it done. 

This is just a starter kit. Ai can instantly switch db for you, make admin area page instead of headless admin, use js for image expand... all of that is easy. And all of that can still be done in a single php file. 

The bloated mess of other imageboards is just silly. Php apps should not have over 100 extra files and use old code. That is pure stupidity. Php is not that secure by design in comparison to other langs. Php is yesterdays news. But if you are going to use php, use it right. Modern versions of php do not negate the weaknesses of php but they help a little. SO a small codebase that ai can audit often and also modern php vesions-and code made to take full advantage of the modern php versions. 
